[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
[gale wind blowing]
>> Narrator: THIS IS THE TALE
OF A MAN WHO HAS YET TO REALIZE
HIS DESTINY.
MUCH TO THEIR RELIEF,
SIMON AND KAMINA FINALLY REACHED
THE VILLAGE OF LITTNER.
AWAITING THEM WAS A BEASTMAN
PILOTING A POWERFUL GUNMEN.
HIS NAME WAS VIRAL.
SIMON LEAPT INTO THE FRAY DURING
KAMINA’S MOMENT OF PERIL.
IN THE COURSE OF THIS FIERCE
BATTLE, THEIR TWO GUNMEN, GURREN
AND LAGANN, COMBINED!
GURREN LAGANN’S DRILL SENT
VIRAL’S GUNMEN, ENKI, FLYING.
WHAT UNKNOWN POWER LIES
CONCEALED WITHIN GURREN LAGANN?
[Simon sighs]
[Boota grunts]
>> Simon: MAN, I’M STARVING.
[Boota chuckles]
>> Simon: I WONDER HOW FAR AWAY
THE BEASTMEN HEADQUARTERS IS.
>> Yoko: HMM?
>> Ron: HMM?
>> Kamina: HUH?
>> Simon: WHAT?
SPECIAL TRAINING?
>> Kamina: REMEMBER OUR
COMBINING, SIMON?
OUR COMBINING!
THINKING ABOUT IT
EMBARRASSES ME.
WE WERE LAME.
LISTEN, SIMON.
A MANLY COMBINING OUGHT TO BE
SOMEHOW MORE GRACEFUL AND
ELEGANT, THE ACT OF TWO SOULS
FORMING A RAGING INFERNO AND‐‐
AND‐‐UGH!
>> Simon: IT WAS PRETTY BAD.
>> Kamina: SIMON!
>> Simon: HUH?!
>> Kamina: MY SHOULDERS, SIMON!
JUMP ON MY SHOULDERS!
HERE. HERE, HERE.
>> Simon: WHA‐‐
IT’S KINDA POINTLESS TO DO ALL
THAT WHEN WE’RE NOT IN OUR
MECHAS, YOU KNOW.
ISN’T THAT RIGHT, BOOTA?
[Boota grunts approval]
>> Kamina: SIMON, COME ON!
>> Simon: AHH!
WATCH WHAT YOU’RE DOING, BRO!
[Boota protests]
>> Kamina: SIMON!
>> Simon: WHAT IS IT?
>> Kamina: COMBINE!
>> Simon: HOW, EXACTLY, AM I
SUPPOSED TO DO THAT?
>> Kamina: I SAID, "COMBINE!"
[Simon and Boota yelping]
>> Ron: THOSE TWO CERTAINLY
SEEM TO BE ENJOYING THEMSELVES.
>> Yoko: HMM?
REALLY?
SO WHAT IS IT YOU WANTED
TO CHECK ON?
>> Ron: WATCH, AND YOU
SHALL SEE.
ALL RIGHTY. FIRST THINGS FIRST.
WE PUT ON THE WHITE GLOVES.
AND NOW IT’S TIME TO DO YOUR
THING, MY LITTLE LOVES!
YES, YES, YES.
>> Yoko: YOU BROUGHT THOSE
ALONG?
YOU AND YOUR CREEPY TOYS.
>> Ron: NOW, NOW.
THERE’S NO CALL TO BE RUDE.
HUMPH!
ATTABOY, ATTABOY, YOU CAN DO IT.
WAY TO GO!
ATTABOY.
HMM?
JUST AS I THOUGHT.
I’VE SEEN ALL SORTS OF GUNMEN
OVER THE YEARS.
BUT I’VE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING
LIKE THIS.
>> Yoko: ANYTHING LIKE WHAT?
>> Ron: IT’S STILL A THEORY,
BUT IF WHAT I’M HYPOTHESIZING
TURNS OUT TO BE TRUE...
THEN THIS GUNMEN IS
VERY SPECIAL.
[Ron and Yoko yell]
[gasps]
>> Kamina: OOPS!
SORRY ABOUT THAT!
IT GOT AWAY FROM ME!
HEY, SIMON! YOU OKAY?
[Ron giggles]
>> Kamina: READY FOR MORE?
[laughs]
TERRIBLY SORRY ’BOUT THAT.
>> Ron: MY POOR, POOR
LITTLE MECHIE...
>> Kamina: WHEW! LUCKY THING I
DIDN’T HIT LAGANN!
OKAY, SIMON!
GET READY FOR ROUND TWO!
>> Ron: THAT ONE WAS
MY FAVORITE!
>> Yoko: OH, YOU CAN ALWAYS
REBUILD IT.
>> Kamina: NOW! COMBINE!
[yelping]
>> Simon: COME ON, CUT IT OUT,
BRO!
STOP!
>> Kamina: SIMON!
QUIT YOUR RUNNING, YOU BIG BABY!
HURRY UP AND COMBINE ALREADY,
WOULD YA?!
COMBINE, DAMN YOU!
>> Simon: YOU’RE NOT MAKING ANY
SENSE, BRO!
YOU’RE GONNA KILL ME!
>> Kittan: WHAT ARE THOSE PEOPLE
DOING DOWN THERE?
>> Kamina: COME ON, SIMON!
COMBINE!
>> Simon: CUT IT OUT, BRO!
STOP IT!
[laughing]
>> Kittan: OKAY.
LET’S GET IN THERE!
[panting]
>> Simon: COME ON, BRO.
KNOCK IT OFF.
I’M...I’M RUNNING ON FUMES.
[stomach growls]
CAN’T RUN ANYMORE.
>> Kamina: COME ON, SIMON!
FOR A REAL MAN...
HIS GROWLING STOMACH CAN’T MATCH
HIS FIGHTING SPIRIT!
[stomach growls]
HUH? MINE’S GROWLING TOO.
[laughs nervously]
[stomach gurgles]
I AM STARVING.
>> Simon: KAMINA?
>> Kittan: YA‐HAH!
>> Kamina: WHAT THE HELL IS
GOING ON?!
>> Simon: UH, BRO?!
[creatures charging]
>> HELLO, LITTLE BOY!
>> HE’S SO CUTE!
>> YOU SURE HAD A CLOSE CALL!
BUT YOU’RE SAFE NOW!
>> Simon: HUH?
WHAT’S THE BIG IDEA?
GAH! AHA!
WAIT, YOU’RE A WOMAN?
>> I BET YOU WERE FRIGHTENED!
[Boota grunts]
>> Kamina: AW, SON OF A BITCH!
COME ON, GURREN, ON YOUR FEET!
[stomach gurgles]
AGH! AT TIMES LIKE THIS, YOU
GOTTA SMACK YOUR MACHINES AROUND
A LITTLE.
[grunting]
[stomach gurgles]
[Boota grunts]
[Kamina yells]
AW, CRAP.
>> Kittan: HUMPH!
>> Kamina: OW!
>> Kittan: PREPARE TO DIE, YOU
BEASTMAN BASTARD!
>> Kamina: HUH, ME A BEASTMAN?
WHAT, ARE YOU KIDDING ME, FREAK?
>> Kittan: OW.
WAIT, SO YOU’RE HUMAN?
>> Kamina: I’D SAY THAT’S PRETTY
DAMN OBVIOUS!
HUH?
WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?
>> Simon: BRO!
>> OH, SO YOU WEREN’T BEING
CHASED JUST NOW, WERE YOU?
HMM?
>> HMM?
>> Simon: MM‐MM.
>> Kamina: YOU DO A PRETTY GOOD
IMPERSONATION OF A HUMAN BEING,
PAL.
>> Kittan: HEY, YOU BETTER WATCH
YOUR MOUTH, OR I’M GONNA KILL
YOU FOR REAL!
>> Kamina: LET’S SEE THOSE
PEARLY WHITES.
>> Kittan: EEE.
>> Kamina: WELL, I’LL BE.
YOU DON’T HAVE ANY FANGS.
EVEN SO...
HOW ARE YOU GONNA PAY ME BACK
FOR ALL THIS DAMAGE?
I MEAN, JUST LOOK AT THIS MESS!
WHO THROWS BOMBS AT PEOPLE?
>> Kittan: PAY YOU BACK?
>> Kamina: HOW WERE YOU
BROUGHT UP...
>> Kittan: ANYWAY, WHAT THE HELL
IS A HUMAN DOING PILOTING
A GUNMEN?
>> Kamina: HMM?
>> Kittan: EVERYBODY KNOWS THAT
ONLY BEASTMEN RUN AROUND
PILOTING GUNMEN.
>> Kamina: SO THEY SAY.
>> Kittan: OH, YEAH? WELL, I
SAY SO TOO, BUDDY!
>> Kamina: YOU SEE, THE THING
IS I STOLE IT!
THAT’S WHY I’M PILOTING IT!
>> Kittan: YOU’RE A LIAR!
>> Kamina: I PILOT THIS GUNMEN!
>> Kittan: THAT AIN’T POSSIBLE!
>> Kamina: IS THAT SO?
JUST WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK
I AM?
>> Kittan: HUH?
>> Kamina: LISTEN AND LEARN!
FAR BEYOND THE FARTHEST HORIZON,
I CRAWLED UP FROM THE VILLAGE
OF GIHA!
I’VE DEFEATED A GUNMEN FOR EVERY
STAR IN THE SKY!
WHEN THEY TELL STORIES OF TEAM
GURREN’S BADASS LEADER, IT IS
I, KAMINA, OF WHOM THEY SPEAK!
>> HE’S A CUTIE!
>> HE’S SO COOL!
[giggles]
>> Girls: KAMINA!
[Boota grunts]
MASTER KAMINA!
>> YOU’RE SO COOL!
>> I THINK YOU’RE WONDERFUL.
>> SO HOT!
>> I’M KIYOH.
I’M THE OLDEST SISTER.
>> I, UM, I’M KINON.
I’M THE MIDDLE ONE.
>> THAT MAKES ME THE YOUNGEST
SISTER.
I’M KIYAL!
>> AND THIS GUY’S OUR
BIG BROTHER‐‐
>> KITTAN!
>> WHO YOU’VE MET.
>> Kittan: THAT’S RIGHT!
YOU’RE LOOKING AT A FAMILY OF
BEASTMEN HUNTERS!
THE ONE AND ONLY BLACK
SIBLINGS!
>> Kinon: YOU SEE, WE, UM,
WE USE THIS BURNING WATER TO
DESTROY GUNMEN.
>> Kamina: OH, YEAH?
THAT’S WHAT THOSE ARE?
>> Kiyal: THAT’S RIGHT.
SCARY STUFF, MAN!
IT’LL BLOW YOU UP REAL GOOD!
>> Kamina: SO KNOCK ON WOOD.
>> Kittan: KIYOH! KINON! KIYAL!
GET AWAY FROM THAT GUY!
>> Girls: HMM?
>> Kittan: HE AND I HAVE TO
SETTLE SOMETHIN’ WITH OUR FISTS,
AND I DON’T‐‐
HUH?!
>> Ron: ATTENTION!
I’M AFRAID PLAYTIME’S OVER,
KIDS.
>> Yoko: SO WHY THE HECK DO WE
HAVE TO GO OUT AND HUNT DOWN
LUNCH FOR EVERYONE ELSE?
>> BECAUSE HUNGRY MEN ARE
ABSOLUTELY USELESS.
THAT’S WHY.
>> Kiyal: MAN, YOU’RE THE
LUCKIEST, YOKO!
YOU GET TO TRAVEL AROUND
WITH A GREAT MAN AT YOUR SIDE!
>> Yoko: WHAT’S SO GREAT
ABOUT THAT BOZO?
>> Kiyoh: FOR ONE, HE HAS
A BOOMING VOICE.
>> Kinon: HE’S SO TOUGH.
>> Kiyal: YEAH, AND HIS FEET
DON’T REEK.
>> Kiyoh: AND DID YOU SEE THOSE
LONG EYELASHES OF HIS?
>> Kiyal: SURE DID!
>> WOW!
>> A WATERING HOLE!
WHERE THERE’S WATER,
THERE’S GOTTA BE ANIMALS!
>> HEY, CHECK THIS OUT!
THERE’S A COOL ANIMAL
ON THE GROUND OVER HERE!
>> Yoko: HUH?
>> Kinon: LOOKS YUMMY!
[Kittan laughs]
>> Kittan: YOU’RE TRAVELING TO
THE BEASTMEN’S HEADQUARTERS?
WHAT’RE A BUNCH OF RANK AMATEURS
LIKE YOU GONNA DO ABOUT ’EM?
>> Kamina: TOO SCARED TO GO
YOURSELF, HUH?
>> Kittan: I AIN’T SCARED!
I’M SAYIN’ YOU SHOULDN’T
UNDERESTIMATE BEASTMEN!
[stomachs gurgle]
>> Boys: I’M STARVING.
>> Kamina: YOU TOO, HUH?
>> Kittan: WE HAVEN’T HAD TIME
TO EAT TODAY.
WE’VE BEEN TRACKING A GUNMEN
WITH 16 FACES SINCE
THIS MORNING.
>> Kamina: DID YOU SAY 16 FACES?
[Kamina chuckles]
THERE’S NO SUCH THING!
YOU SURE YOU WEREN’T
HALLUCINATING OR SOMETHING?
>> Kittan: WHAT, YOU NEVER
SEEN ONE WITH 16 FACES?
REALLY?
[stomachs gurgle]
>> Boys: I’M SO HUNGRY.
>> Kamina: WHEN YOU’RE HUNGRY,
IT’S HARD TO WORK UP THE ENERGY
TO DO ANYTHING.
RIGHT, SIMON?
>> Simon: YEAH.
>> Kittan: THAT CLOUD LOOKS
TASTY!
>> Kamina: THAT MEAT CLOUD IS
MINE!
>> Kittan: NO WAY!
I SAW IT FIRST, SO I’VE
GOT DIBS!
>> Kamina: ARE YOU TRYIN’ TO
START SOMETHIN’?!
>> Kittan: WHAT?!
>> Yoko: WHAT ARE YOU BOYS
GETTING SO WORKED UP OVER?
>> HEY, CHECK IT OUT!
>> LOOKS DELICIOUS, HUH?
>> DOESN’T IT?
>> Kamina: SO, UH, IS THIS
EDIBLE?
>> Yoko: YOU CAN EAT ANYTHING
AS LONG AS IT’S NOT ROTTEN,
CAN’T YOU?
>> Simon: LET’S JUST DIG IN!
>> O‐O‐O‐O‐OW!
HEY, YOU!
DID YOU JUST BITE INTO ME?!
>> Kamina: OUR LUNCH JUST
TALKED!
>> HEY, BRO, TAKE A CLOSE LOOK
AT THE STUPID MUGS ON THESE
GUYS!
>> HEY! THESE GUYS ARE HUMANS!
>> THEY’RE SO CUTE!
>> OUR LOVELY LITTLE SIESTA’S
BEEN RUDELY INTERRUPTED! OHH!
>> Kamina: WHATEVER.
LET’S EAT THESE THINGS ANYWAY!
>> Kittan: THEY’RE PRETTY UPPITY
FOR A BUNCH OF HAIRBALLS!
>> Jamos: WE’RE NOT HAIRBALLS!
JERK!
>> EVERYONE, TO ME.
>> TH‐‐TH‐‐THAT’S ALL, FOLKS!
>> Simon: OUR LUNCH RAN AWAY!
>> Kittan: WAIT, YOU DON’T
SUPPOSE THOSE WERE...
>> Kamina: I’M SO STARVING.
>> Yoko: YOU’RE RIGHT!
I THINK THOSE HAIRBALLS
WERE BEASTMEN!
>> Kittan: I NEVER, EVER LET
A BEASTMAN ESCAPE FROM ME!
[whistles]
[howls]
ANY BEASTMEN HANGING AROUND HERE
MUST BE WITH THAT 16‐FACED
BASTARD!
THERE THEY ARE!
LET’S GO GET ’EM!
YAHOO!
[siblings warbling]
NOW THE BLACK SIBLINGS...
>> IS GETTING ON...
>> Together: THE JOB!
[all warble]
[girls scream]
>> Kamina: AW, CRAP.
SIMON, GEAR UP.
TEAM GURREN’S GOING IN TOO!
>> Simon: BRO, WAIT.
>> Yoko: MOVE IT, SIMON!
IT’S NO USE.
THEY JUST BOUNCE OFF.
>> Simon: BRO, WAIT!
>> Kamina: ALMOST THERE!
AW, CRAP!
>> Kittan: HEY, LET THE PROS
HANDLE THIS, YOU AMATEUR!
[laughs]
[scoffs]
>> Kamina: HURRY UP, SIMON!
GURREN LAGANN’LL TAKE ’EM DOWN!
>> HOW CAN THIS BE?!
IT MAKES NO SENSE!
HOW CAN THESE HUMANS
OPERATE GUNMEN?!
I WON’T STAND FOR IT!
>> Kamina: LET’S GO!
TIME TO COMBINE!
>> Simon: YOU GOT IT!
>> Kamina: DUMB‐ASS!
AH!
>> Simon: HEY, WHAT WAS THAT ALL
ABOUT?!
>> Kamina: KNOCK IT OFF!
DON’T YOU REMEMBER YOUR
TRAINING, SIMON?
QUIT WHINING!
>> Simon: WE’RE GONNA GET KILLED
IF WE DON’T DO SOMETHING!
WE GOTTA COMBINE!
[screams]
[laughs]
>> COMBINING WITH A MEASLY
TWO UNITS?
THAT’S NOTHING!
I’LL SHOW YOU WHAT COMBINING’S
REALLY ABOUT!
TRY IT WITH 16 FACES!
>> Ron: GOTTA ADMIT,
I’M SURPRISED.
I HAD NO IDEA THERE WERE OTHER
COMBINING GUNMEN OUT THERE.
>> Yoko: ISN’T THAT HOW ALL
GUNMEN ARE SUPPOSED TO
WORK, RON?
>> Ron: HMM.
>> Simon: THOSE THINGS
COMBINED?!
>> Kamina: DUMB‐ASS!
YOU CAN’T CALL THAT COMBINING!
WHAT A JOKE!
THAT IS NOT COMBINING!
PROPER COMBINING IS‐‐
>> Simon: BRO!
IF WE DON’T DO SOMETHING,
WE’RE HISTORY!
[yells]
>> Kamina: LISTEN, SIMON!
MANLY COMBINING IS A THING
OF BEAUTY!
TWO SOULS COMING TOGETHER
TO FORM A BLAZING INFERNO!
>> Yoko: DAMN IT, WOULD YOU JUST
SHUT UP AND COMBINE ALREADY?
>> Ron: HE’S RIGHT, THOUGH.
GURREN LAGANN’S WAY OF COMBINING
IS SOMETHING ELSE ENTIRELY!
[Boota grunts]
>> Simon: BOOTA.
[Boota chuckles]
HEY, THANKS A LOT, BOOTA.
SO WHY DOES HE KEEP KNOCKING
ME BACK?
>> Kamina: JUMP, SIMON!
>> Simon: OH, I GET IT!
HEY, BRO, I‐I GET IT NOW!
HEY, BRO!
[breathing deeply]
>> Kamina: HEH!
SIMON!
>> Simon: COMING, BRO!
>> Yoko: SIMON!
>> Ron: YOKO!
>> Kittan: UGH.
STUPID LITTLE KID.
I’D BETTER DO SOMETHING.
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU‐‐
>> Yoko: WE’RE GOING IN.
[barks]
>> Simon: SORRY, BRO.
THAT’S ALL I’VE GOT.
>> Yoko: SIMON! RUN!
>> Simon: WHAT?
YOKO?
>> Yoko: SIMON!
START RUNNING NOW!
>> Simon: YOKO!
>> Kittan: LOOK!
THE STUPID KID IS RUNNING!
>> Yoko: THROW YOUR BOMBS!
>> Kittan: WHAT?
>> Yoko: HURRY!
>> Kittan: I GET IT.
WE’RE CREATING A SMOKE SCREEN.
PRETTY GOOD THINKING!
>> Yoko: I HAVE MY MOMENTS.
>> Kittan: THOSE 16 BASTARDS ARE
FREAKING OUT!
[girls scream]
>> Kamina: COME ON!
>> Simon: I UNDERSTAND NOW!
I GET WHAT YOU WERE TRYING
TO TEACH ME!
COMPARED TO THOSE ROCKS
YOU LOBBED AT ME, DODGING
THESE IS EASY!
I’M MEAN, IT’S EVEN FUN!
>> Kamina: YOU’RE KINDA, SORTA
MISSING THE POINT, THERE, SIMON.
>> Simon: OW!
>> Kamina: YEAH, THAT’S IT!
MANLY COMBINING IS ALL ABOUT
FIGHTING SPIRIT!
THE GRACEFUL BEAUTY OF SOARING
THROUGH THE AIR!
>> Together: BROTHERLY
COMBINING!
GURREN LAGANN!
HEH! NOW THAT’S THE WAY
IT’S DONE.
>> Kittan: GURREN LAGANN?
>> WOWIE, THAT WAS WICKED
AWESOME!
>> 16‐FACE COMBINING!
>> Simon: THAT THING IS HUGE.
>> Kamina: SO WHAT?
THAT JUST MAKES HIM A HUGE
BLOCKHEAD.
>> WHAT’D YOU JUST CALL ME?!
>> Yoko: KITTAN!
>> Kittan: HEY! KIYOH! KINON!
KIYAL! UGH.
>> Kittan: DAMN IT.
DAMN IT.
[stomach gurgles]
>> Kamina: NO USE.
I CAN’T WORK UP THE ENERGY.
>> Simon: WE’RE SCREWED!
WE’RE STARVING, AND THERE’S NO
FOOD ANYWHERE!
[Boota grunting]
>> Simon: REALLY?
YOU WANT ME TO EAT YOUR TAIL?!
[Boota grunts]
OKAY.
HEY, BRO...
>> Kamina: WHAT IS IT NOW,
SIMON?
EVEN THIS DRILL IS STARTING
TO LOOK TASTY.
>> Simon: OH, YEAH?
WELL, THEN PUT THIS IN
YOUR STOMACH!
>> Kamina: MAN, THIS IS JUST
SO...
>> Together: DELICIOUS!
>> Kamina: HAVING LOTS OF FACES
DOESN’T MAKE YOU GREAT!
IT’S A LOT MORE THAN THAT!
MANLY COMBINING ISN’T LIKE SOME
CHEAP AND TAWDRY LOVE AFFAIR
WHERE YOU’RE FREE TO JUST COME
AND GO AS YOU PLEASE!
THAT’S NOT THE STUFF A TRUE BOND
IS MADE OF.
IT’S JUST A SHAM, A PALE
IMITATION OF THE REAL THING!
>> Yoko: WHAT IN THE WORLD IS HE
BABBLING ABOUT NOW?
>> Kittan: TRUE BONDS, HUH?
>> Yoko: WHA?
>> Ron: THAT’S IT!
THAT’S WHAT’S DIFFERENT!
>> Kamina: YOUR SORRY WAY OF
COMBINING DOESN’T STICK TO
ANY PRINCIPLES!
THERE’S NO HONOR IN IT.
>> Simon: BRO! OUR ARM!
DRILLS ARE COMING OUT OF
OUR ARM!
>> Kamina: SO ALLOW ME TO STICK
SOME PRINCIPLES TO YOU!
AHH!
>> Simon: DO IT!
>> Kamina: ONE!
>> Simon: TWO!
>> Kamina: THREE!
>> Simon: FOUR!
>> Kamina: FIVE!
>> Simon: SIX!
>> Kamina: SEVEN!
>> Simon: EIGHT!
>> Kamina: NINE!
>> Simon: TEN!
>> Kamina: ELEVEN!
>> Simon: TWELVE!
>> JAM‐OO!
>> Together: SIXTEEN!
>> Kamina: HA! STUCK YOU WITH
OUR PRINCIPLES!
GET IT!
>> G‐GURREN LAGANN IS
FEARSOME!
>> JAMO.
[laughter]
LET’S GET OUT OF HERE!
BE CAREFUL ON THE STREETS
AT NIGHT!
JAMOOO!
>> Kiyoh: HMM!
>> Kinon: I JUST KNEW HE COULD
DO IT!
>> Kiyal: THAT GUNMEN OF THEIRS
IS AWESOME!
>> Ron: OH, YOU GIRLS ARE ALIVE
AFTER ALL.
>> Kiyal: THAT WAS A REALLY
CLOSE CALL.
>> Kinon: WE ALMOST GOT BURIED
ALIVE JUST NOW.
>> Kiyoh: HMM?
WHAT’S WRONG, BIG BROTHER?
>> Kittan: I CAN’T HELP IT.
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS WERE...
>> Kinon: WELL, I GUESS WE’RE
A WHOLE LOT TOUGHER THAN HE
THINKS WE ARE, RIGHT?
>> Kiyal: C’MON, GIRLS, LET’S GO
SEE SIMON AND KAMINA!
>> Kittan: HEY! COME BACK HERE!
>> MASTER KAMINA!
>> Ron: WELL, LOOKS LIKE I’LL
BE UP ALL NIGHT MAKING REPAIRS
AGAIN.
>> Kittan: HEY, YOU!
AMATEUR 1.1.
>> Kamina: WHAT THE HELL DOES
THAT MEAN?
>> Kittan: IT MEANS YOU’RE ONLY
A SLIGHT UPGRADE FROM A
REGULAR AMATEUR.
>> Kamina: YEAH? YOU STILL WANNA
START SOMETHING WITH ME?
>> Kittan: IF YOU EVER WANNA
JOIN THE BLACK SIBLINGS, JUST
COME FIND US.
>> Kamina: WHAT?
>> Kittan: BUT THAT’LL MAKE YOU
THE GOOD‐FOR‐NOTHING YOUNGEST OF
THE FAMILY!
>> Kamina: AND IF YOU EVER WANNA
JOIN TEAM GURREN, HOME OF ALL
THINGS MANLY, BE SURE AND
LET ME KNOW
>> Kittan: HMPH! SEE YA!
>> Kiyoh: BYE, KAMINA, DARLING!
>> Kinon: I PROCLAIM MY UNDYING
ADORATION FOR YOU.
>> Kiyal: SEE YA LATER, GUYS!
WE’LL MEET AGAIN!
>> Simon: GOOD‐BYE!
WELL, THEY’RE GONE NOW.
>> Kamina: THEY SURE ARE.
YOU KNOW, THAT SNACK WE HAD
EARLIER WAS REALLY TASTY.
[Boota grunts]
>> Simon: THAT’S ALL YOU’RE
GONNA GET!
>> Kamina: HMM.
SIMON! GET BACK HERE!
LET ME HAVE SOME MORE!
>> Simon: FORGET IT!
>> Kamina: COME ON!
YOU WANT SOME TOO,
DON’T YOU, BOOTA?
[Boota splutters]
PRETTY PLEASE, SIMON?
>> Simon: NO! ABSOLUTELY NOT!
>> Kamina: HEY, SIMON!
SIMON, COME ON!
>> Simon: STAY AWAY!
[Boota cries out]
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> Kamina: THERE ARE THINGS YOU
KNOW IN YOUR HEAD.
AND THERE ARE THINGS YOU KNOW IN
YOUR GUT.
REACTING INSTINCTIVELY IS NOT
THE SAME THING AS USING YOUR
HEAD.
THAT’S THE ONE THING I JUST
DON’T GET!
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN,
"I DON’T GET IT, NOT ONE BIT!"